W-17153336| W-17159395 Working with Remote MSMQ Queues - Notes and Considerations (#2727)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: connectors-home/modules/ROOT/pages/windows-gateway-services/windows-gateway-services-guide-mule4.adoc

When your queue is marked to require authentication, you can impersonate the caller user as specified in the configuration settings. Additionally, if you work with a remote queue, the connector has a particular header to override this behavior.

[[work-with-remote-queues]]
=== Work with Remote Queues

If the Anypoint Gateway service runs on one machine and must access a remote queue on another machine, you must do one of these options (based on your environment configuration):

* Verify machine grouping
+
. Ensure that both machines belong to the same workgroup.

> . If anonymous access is not enabled, grant full access to the `Anonymous` user on the remote queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If anonymous access isn’t enabled, grant full access to the `Anonymous` user on the remote queue.
```

> . Verify that the `GET` operation works successfully under these updated anonymous access settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Verify that the *GET* operation works successfully under these updated anonymous access settings.
```

Reviewer: According to our style guide, operations should be bolded: https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/MTDT/MuleSoft+CX+Writing+Style+Reference#:~:text=with%20blockout.-,bold%20font,-Apply%20bold%20font

* Grant domain membership and permissions
+
. Ensure that both machines are members of the same domain.
. Add the machine running the Anypoint Gateway service to the permission settings of the remote queue. Grant full access to this machine on the remote queue.

> . Verify that the `GET` operation works successfully under these domain and permission settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Verify that the *GET* operation works successfully under these domain and permission settings.
```
